QuantNova AI

EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK




























QUANTNOVA-AI-HR-Rev.0
September 20, 2026

TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION	.....1
EMPLOYMENT AT WILL	1
MUTUAL/BILATERAL ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES .........................................................2
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY POLICY	1
POLICY AGAINST HARASSMENT	1
IMMIGRATION LAW COMPLIANCE........................................................................................5
Employee Relations	1
EMPLOYMENT CLASSIFICATIONS...........................................................................................1
INTRODUCTORY PERIOD............................................................................................................7
HOURS OF WORK AND OVERTIME	1
Attendance & Punctuality	1
Pay Practices	1
Wage Policy	1
Performance Reviews	1
Company Benefits	1
State Unemployment and Disability Insurance	15
Holiday Pay	1
Vacation Pay	1
Paid Sick / Personal Days	1
FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE POLICY	1
other leaves of absence	1
Smoking Policy	25
Parking Facilities	1
Business Attire	27
Safety	1
Human Resources Records	1
Employee Conduct	1
GRIEVANCES................................................................................................................................32
Employment Termination	1
Outside Employment	1
Employment of Relatives/Nepotism	1
Drug and Alcohol Policy	1
Solicitations	1
TECHNOLOGY USE	1
CONFIDENTIALITY.....................................................................................................................41
A Few Closing Words	1


Your Employee Handbook

ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF RECEIPT AND AT-WILL STATUS
I, the undersigned, have received my copy of the Employee Handbook and understand my responsibility to read it, understand its contents, and adhere to all of the policies and procedures of the Company, whether set forth in this handbook or elsewhere.  I further acknowledge that this Handbook is provided as an informational guide only and is not to be considered a contract between the Company and me.  I understand that I am an at-will employee, which means that either the Company or I can terminate my employment at any time, for any or no reason, with or without notice.  I also understand that the Company reserves the right in its sole discretion, with or without notice, cause or consideration, to modify this Handbook, or modify or terminate any of the Company’s policies (other than the at-will policy), procedures, or employee benefit programs, whether or not described in this Handbook.  I acknowledge that my at-will status can only be changed by an individual written agreement between the Company and me evidencing the Company’s intent to change this status, and signed by the Company’s Chief Executive Officer.

_______________________	_______________________		_________________
Employee Name		Employee Signature		            Date

INTRODUCTION
We believe that people make companies succeed.  For this reason, our employment policies and practices are designed to provide a work environment that fosters a sense of pride and job satisfaction and that offers opportunities for growth and development.

This Handbook is provided to help you better understand the Company, its objectives, the mutual obligations and what is expected of you as an employee.  We are proud of our team and want to do everything that we can to make you a successful part of the organization.

Employees with questions regarding the provisions of this Handbook should contact their supervisor or the head of Human Resources.
EMPLOYMENT AT WILL
As stated in the Acknowledgment of Receipt, employment with the Company is “at will.”  This means that both you and the Company have the right to terminate your employment at any time, for any reason, or no reason at all, with or without prior notice or cause.  Thus, nothing in this Handbook or any other Company document should be understood as creating guaranteed or continued employment, a requirement that “cause” exist before termination, or any other guaranteed or continued benefits.  The at-will relationship can be changed only by an express individual written employment agreement signed by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company specifically stating an intent to do so.

mutual/bilateral arbitration of disputes
As a condition of employment, the Company promotes a system of alternative dispute resolution, which involves mutual, bilateral, binding arbitration, to resolve all disputes that may arise out of the employment relationship.  Private binding arbitration can provide mutual benefits to both the Company and the employee (e.g., reduced expense, increased efficiency).  The Company and employees agree that any claim, dispute, and/or controversy which would otherwise require or allow reporting to any court or other government dispute resolution forum between the Company and the employee shall be submitted to and determined exclusively by binding arbitration under the Federal Arbitration Act in conformity with the procedures of the California Arbitration Act. Arbitration shall be instituted before the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in San Jose, California, before a single arbitrator.  

Arbitration of any claim, dispute, and/or controversy related to statutory civil rights claims, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and California Fair Employment and Housing Act shall: (1) permit discovery sufficient to adequately arbitrate the claim, including access to essential documents and witnesses; (2) issue a written arbitration decision from the arbitrator that reveals the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based; (3) not limit damages or preclude punitive damages or attorneys’ fees if the statute at issue explicitly authorizes such damages; and (4) impose the costs of arbitration on the Company, except those costs that employee(s) would otherwise have to incur if the claim was pending in court (e.g., filing fees). 

EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY POLICY
The Company provides equal employment opportunity for all applicants and employees.  The Company does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, hereditary cellular or blood trait, or any other basis prohibited under applicable federal, state, or local law.  The Company also provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities in accordance with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and state law.

The Company prohibits the harassment of any individual on any of the bases listed above.  Improper interference with the ability of the Company’s employees to perform their expected job duties is not tolerated.  For information about the types of conduct that constitute impermissible harassment and the Company’s internal procedures for addressing complaints of harassment, please refer to the Company’s Policy Against Harassment that follows.

This policy applies to all areas of employment, including recruiting, hiring, training, promotion, compensation, benefits, transfer, and social and recreational programs.  It is the responsibility of every employee to follow this policy conscientiously.  Employees who believe that there has been a violation of this policy should contact the head of Human Resources, or a member of your division’s management.
POLICY AGAINST HARASSMENT
The Company is committed to providing a workplace free of unlawful harassment.  This includes not only sexual harassment, but also harassment based on race, color, religion, national origin, age, disability, marital status, veteran status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law.  The Company strongly disapproves of and will not tolerate harassment of its employees.  Similarly, the Company will not tolerate harassment by its employees of non-employees with whom Company employees have a business, service, or professional relationship.

Examples of the type of unwelcome conduct that is prohibited by this policy include, but are not limited to, the following:

Touching, such as rubbing or massaging someone’s neck or shoulders, stroking someone’s hair, or brushing against another’s body
Sexually suggestive touching
Grabbing, groping, kissing, fondling
Violating someone’s “personal space”
Suggestive whistling
Lewd, off-color, sexually oriented comments or jokes
Foul or obscene language
Leering, staring, stalking
Suggestive or sexually explicit posters, calendars, photographs, graffiti, cartoons
Unwanted or offensive letters or poems
Sitting or gesturing in a sexually suggestive manner
Offensive E-mail or voice-mail messages
Sexually oriented or explicit remarks, including written or oral references to sexual conduct, gossip regarding one’s sex life, body or sexual activities, deficiencies, or prowess
Questions about another’s sex life or experiences
Repeated requests for dates
Sexual favors in return for employment rewards, or threats if sexual favors are not provided

All managers and supervisors are responsible for creating an atmosphere free of discrimination and harassment, sexual or otherwise.  All employees are responsible for respecting their co-workers’ rights.

Any employee who experiences any job-related harassment based on sex, sexual orientation, race, national origin, age, religion, disability, marital status, or another prohibited factor, or who believes that he or she has been treated in an unlawful or discriminatory manner, or who believes that this Policy Against Harassment has been violated, must immediately report the incident to the head of Human Resources or to a supervisory  employee, who must then report the complained of harassment to the head of Human Resources immediately.  All instances of alleged harassment should be reported, including those which occur outside of the facility or during off hours.  The head of Human Resources, or someone under his or her supervision, will undertake an investigation of any complaint.  If the Company determines that an employee has harassed another individual, it will impose appropriate discipline.

Co-workers can be held personally responsible for sexual harassment, meaning their personal assets are at risk. Any employee is personally liable if he or she engages in sexual harassment. This is true regardless of whether the Company knows or should have known of the contact and fails to take immediate and appropriate remedial/corrective action. 

The Company absolutely prohibits retaliation against any employee for filing a good faith complaint or for assisting in good faith in a complaint investigation. 


IMMIGRATION LAW COMPLIANCE
We are committed to employing only United States citizens and non-citizens who are authorized to work in the United States, and does not unlawfully discriminate on the basis of citizenship or national origin. In compliance with the Immigration Reform and Control Act, each new employee, as a condition of employment, must complete the Employment Eligibility Verification Form (I-9) and present documentation establishing identity and employment eligibility no later than three days following date of hire. If appropriate documentation is not received within this time, the employment relationship will be terminated. 

Employee Relations
We are committed to providing the best possible climate for maximum development and achievement of goals for all employees.  Our practice has always been to treat each employee as an individual and develop a spirit of teamwork -- individuals working together to attain a common goal.

To establish an atmosphere where these goals can be accomplished, we intend to provide a workplace that is comfortable and progressive, with wages and benefits competitive with those offered by other employers.  We have developed a system that recognizes individual achievement and effort.  

Most importantly, we have a workplace where open communication is encouraged and problems can be discussed and resolved in a mutually respectful atmosphere.  Our experience has shown that when employees deal openly and directly with supervisors and co-workers, the work environment can be excellent, communications can be clear, and attitudes can be positive.

We believe the main reason we have been able to adhere to our policy of individual and team recognition is that we have been able to speak directly to each other without the interference of outside third parties who would have no real stake in the future of the Company or its employees.

Of course, we encourage you to talk with your supervisor about any suggestion, problem, or complaint that arises.  If for any reason a satisfactory answer is not obtained after speaking with the supervisor, or if for some reason you prefer not to discuss the matter with your supervisor, we encourage you to speak with your department head.  At any stage in the complaint resolution procedure or at any time you need assistance with a problem at work, please feel free to discuss the matter with a member of the Human Resources Department.
EMPLOYMENT CLASSIFICATIONS
For salary administration purposes and to determine eligibility for overtime payments and employee benefits (with the exclusion of any applicable ERISA benefits), the Company assigns employees to one of the following two employment categories:

Regular Full-Time:  Employees who are regularly scheduled to work a full 40 hour workweek. 
Regular Part-Time:	Employees who are regularly scheduled to work less than a full 40 hours workweek.  The Company does not guarantee the actual number of hours scheduled for any given workweek. 
Temporary:  Individuals who work a set period of time because of the Company’s short-term need.  Temporaries do not receive the employee benefits available to Regular Full Time Employees.  A Temporary may work either a full-time schedule or part-time schedule.  

In addition to these classifications, all employees are classified as either exempt or non-exempt.  This classification is necessary to determine whether employees are entitled to receive overtime compensation under the Fair Labor Standards Act or similar state law provisions.  Exempt employees are not entitled to overtime pay.  Non-exempt employees receive overtime pay and are paid on an hourly basis.  You should consult with your supervisor or the head of Human Resources if you have any questions regarding your classification.

Introductory period
The Introductory Period is intended to give new and rehired employees the opportunity to demonstrate their ability to achieve a satisfactory level of performance and to determine whether the new position meets their expectations.  The Company uses this period to evaluate employee capabilities, work habits and overall performance. 

All new and rehired employees work on an introductory basis for the first 90 calendar days after their date of hire.  The Company may extend the duration of the Introductory Period if, in its sole and absolute discretion, it determines that such an extension is appropriate.  Any absence of significant duration will automatically extend the Introductory Period by the length of the absence.  Upon satisfactory completion of the Introductory Period, employees enter the “regular” employment classification.  Completion of the Introductory Period does not entitle an employee to remain employed by the Company for any length of time.  Both the employee and the Company are free to end the employment relationship at will, with or without notice or cause, at any time during or after the Introductory Period. 

HOURS OF WORK AND OVERTIME
Normal Company office work hours are from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, with a one-hour unpaid meal period.  

You may take two paid 10-minute breaks, one during the morning, and one in the afternoon.  You should coordinate your breaks with your supervisor.  

Business necessity may require that you work overtime.  Exempt employees perform this work without additional compensation because they are paid a salary designed to compensate them for all hours worked.  Non-exempt alike are required to assist with overtime work when it is assigned.   Non-exempt employees may not perform overtime work without their Supervisor’s prior approval.

Non-exempt employees will be paid for overtime worked in the pay period earned, or in the following pay period, provided that the employee’s time record was properly prepared, approved by the employee’s supervisor, and forwarded to payroll for processing in a timely manner.

Accurately recording time worked is the responsibility of every non-exempt employee.  Each non-exempt employee must fill out a timesheet entry showing arrival, departure, and meal times, and submit the timesheet, signed by his or her supervisor, to Payroll within the time requested.  It is important that your time sheets are accurate.  Any inappropriate manipulation of the time tracking system or failure to provide accurate work time information will result in discipline.
Attendance & Punctuality
Every job in the Company is important.  The efficient operation of your department depends on the presence of all scheduled employees.  The Company understands that there are times when an employee is ill or needs time away from work to take care of personal business, but absenteeism or lack of punctuality is disruptive, and if excessive in the opinion of the Company, the Company, in its discretion, will take corrective action.

You are responsible for notifying your supervisor or, if your supervisor is not available, the Human Resources Department in advance of any anticipated absence or lateness.  In instances of unanticipated absence or lateness, call your immediate supervisor, department head or the Human Resources Department. If you are unable to call, you may arrange for someone else to call within 30 minutes of your scheduled starting time.

Poor attendance and excessive tardiness generally is defined as 6 or more incidences in a rolling 12-month period; however, each determination is unique and depending on the particular facts and circumstances the acceptable number of infractions may be more or less.   For example, severe disciplinary action would be taken if an employee did not show up at work for three days when a deadline on a project was imminent.

Abuse of this policy will be met by discipline that may include a more formalized reporting process or progressive discipline up to and including termination.  



















Pay Practices
All employees are paid on a semi-monthly basis, totaling 24 paychecks per year.  All employees will be paid on the 15th and the last day of the month.  If a payday falls on a holiday or weekend, paychecks normally will be issued on the last workday before the payday.

All employees are strongly encouraged to use direct deposit.  Paychecks and direct deposit slips will be distributed in the office, or mailed if you are an off-site employee.

Your paycheck will have a check stub attached that itemizes the various deductions required by law or authorized in writing by you.  You should keep these statements for your personal records.  If an error occurs on your paycheck, report it at once to Payroll so that the Company can fix it.  Paychecks normally will be presented only to the named employee.  Requests for special handling of your check must be arranged in advance through Human Resources.

Since the deductions from your paycheck are based on the information on your W-4, it is important that you inform Human Resources of any changes that affect the amount of your deductions (e.g., changes in your marital status or the addition of a dependent).




















Wage Policy
The Company is committed to providing compensation to attract and retain the best possible employees.  Increases in pay are not automatic, but rather will be based on factors such as: 

Management’s assessment of your overall job performance
Time elapsed since your last increase
Your attendance record
Any special accomplishments
Compensation rates for your job in the local market area
Company profitability

The Company generally evaluates each employee’s performance and wage annually in February to determine whether an increase is appropriate.  The annual adjustment is referred to as Merit Pay Adjustment, and is effective March 1st of the following year.  You must be employed for at least 3 months to receive a Merit Pay Adjustment.




















Performance Reviews
Supervisors and employees are strongly encouraged to discuss job performance and goals on an informal, regular basis.  Formal, written performance appraisals provide supervisors and employees the opportunity to discuss job tasks, identify and correct weaknesses, encourage and recognize strengths and discuss positive, purposeful approaches to meeting goals.  A formal, written performance appraisal generally is conducted on an annual basis. An additional performance appraisal may be conducted if Management feels it is appropriate.  

Company Benefits
The Company currently offers medical, dental, short- and long-term disability, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance.

If you have any changes in your assigned coverage, such as addition, deletion, or status change of dependents or address changes, you must notify Human Resources as soon as possible.  You and your dependents are entitled to COBRA (continuation/conversion of coverage) under certain circumstances.

If you have any questions about your benefits, please ask a member of the Human Resources Department, or consult the plan document.
State unemployment and disability insurance
The Company will make all required contributions to the various State Unemployment and Disability Insurance Programs.

State disability benefits are available in some states, and provide partial salary remuneration to people who have a medical ailment lasting more than 7 consecutive days.

Unemployment insurance benefits may be available to employees who become unemployed through no fault of their own.  The determination of whether an employee is entitled to such benefits, and to what extent, is made by the state agency that administers this program.

Holiday Pay
The Company, at its discretion, chooses the holiday schedule prior to the beginning of every year.  All Regular Full -Time Employees are eligible for Holiday Pay.  Holiday Pay is paid at the employee’s base rate of pay (does not include overtime, commissions, or bonuses).  The following list includes regularly scheduled Company holidays:

New Year’s Day
President’s Day
Memorial Day
Independence Day
Labor Day
Thanksgiving Day
Day After Thanksgiving
Christmas Day

They are going to be updated in every end of the year
The Company may choose two additional holidays at its discretion.

A holiday falling on a Saturday or Sunday will be observed on either the preceding Friday or the following Monday.

Holiday during vacation:  If a holiday observed by the Company falls during an employee’s vacation period, the employee will not be charged vacation leave.

All Regular Full- Time Employees are paid for holidays provided they work their regular scheduled hours the day before and the day after the holiday.  If you are absent due to vacation or another form of authorized paid leave, you will receive holiday pay.

Religious Observances:  Employees wishing to attend religious services or observe religious holidays may take a sick/personal day or a vacation day to do so.

Vacation Pay
It is the Company’s practice to provide employees with paid vacation in order to maintain employees’ health and morale.  Vacation eligibility depends on the employee’s cumulative Company service. 

Accrual:  All Regular Full-Time Employees accrue vacation according to the following schedule:

Anniversary Date
Vacation Days Earned
8 Hour Work Day
Maximum Accruable Vacation Days
6 months
5 (40 Hours)
5
1st and 2nd
11 (88 Hours)
16
3rd and 4th
13 (104 Hours)
25
5th and 6th
15 (120 Hours)
25
7th through 9th 
17 (136 Hours)
25
10th through 14th 
20 (160 Hours)
25
15th and over
25 (200 Hours)
25


Vacation Increments:  Vacation may be taken in increments of one-half days.

Scheduling Vacation Days:  Requests for vacation time will be approved by the department head in a manner that serves the Company and our customers by maintaining sufficient staffing to meet our needs.  You should advise your supervisor of the desired time off as far in advance as possible; approval is at the supervisor’s discretion.  No more than 2 weeks of vacation may be taken at any one time.

In the event of a scheduling conflict between employees in the same department, the employee with the greatest length of service generally will receive priority.  In requesting vacation, you must obtain a form from the Human Resources Department, have it signed by your Department head, and submit it to Human Resources. 

Payment of Accrued/Unused Vacation on Termination:  On termination of employment, the Company pays its employees for all accrued but unused vacation at their base rate of pay. 

Application:   Vacation Pay under this section will not apply to Outside Sales position(s). 
Paid Sick / Personal Days
There are occasions when you must be absent from work due to illness or personal business.  Regular Full-Time Employees will be eligible for paid sick/personal leave on successful completion of the Introductory Period. 

If you are unable to report to work due to illness, injury, or unforeseen circumstance that will prevent you from coming to work, you should notify your direct supervisor before the scheduled start your workday.  Your direct supervisor should also be contacted on each additional day of absence.  

Before returning to work from a sick leave absence of 3 consecutive workdays or more, you must provide a physician’s verification of the illness, and a note or certificate that states that you may safely return to work. 

If you have scheduled personal business that prevents you from coming to work, please notify your supervisor as far in advance as possible.

Sick/personal benefits will be calculated based on your base pay rate at the time of absence, and will not include any special forms of compensation, such as incentives, overtime, commissions, or bonuses.

Upon completion of the Introductory Period, employees working 8 hour days will receive six (6) sick/personal days; to be utilized during your first year of employment; while accruing time towards the following year.  On each anniversary date you will be granted with six (based on the above criteria) sick/personal days accrued the previous year. There is a sick/personal day accrual cap of ten (10) days if you work 8 hour day.

FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE POLICY
Application
The Federal Family and Medical Leave Act will only apply when the Company employs 50 or more employees. 

Eligibility
To be eligible for Family & Medical Leave, an employee must have worked for the Company for at least twelve months prior to the date on which the leave is to commence and have worked at least 1,000 hours in the 12 months preceding the leave. 

Permissible Uses of Family Care and Medical Leave
“Family care leave” may be requested for (1) the birth or adoption of an employee’s child; (2) the placement of a foster child with the employee; or (3) the serious health condition of an employee’s child, spouse, registered domestic partner, or parent.  “Medical leave” may be requested for an employee’s own serious health condition.  A “serious health condition” is one that requires either in-patient care in a medical facility or continuing treatment or supervision by a health care provider.  

Substitution of Paid Leave for Family Care and Medical Leave
Employees are required to use accrued and available vacation time for all family care and medical leaves, when permitted by law. 

Amount of Leave
Provided all the conditions of this policy are met, an employee may take a maximum of 12 weeks of family care and medical leave in a rolling 12-month period measured backwards from the date the employee’s leave commences.  Parents who are both employed by the Company may take a maximum combined total of 12 weeks of family care leave in a 12-month period for the birth, adoption, or foster care of their child.  Family care leaves for the birth, adoption or foster care placement of a child must be concluded within one year of the birth, adoption or placement.  

The substitution of paid leave for family care or medical leave does not extend the total duration of family care and medical leave to which an employee is entitled to beyond 12 weeks in a 12-month period.  For example, if an employee has accrued four weeks of unused paid vacation time at the time of the request for family care leave, that paid vacation time will be substituted for the first four weeks of family care leave, leaving up to eight additional weeks of unpaid leave.

Medical leave for the employee’s own serious health condition, or family care leave for the serious health condition of the employee’s spouse, registered domestic partner, parent, or child, may be taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule where medically necessary.  If leave is taken intermittently or on a reduced schedule, the Company retains the discretion to transfer the employee temporarily to an alternative position with equivalent pay and benefits, which accommodates the employee’s leave schedule.  

Leave’s Effect on Pay
Except to the extent that other paid leave is substituted for Family and Medical Leave, such leave is unpaid.

Leave’s Effect on Benefits
For up to a maximum of 12 weeks in a 12-month period, the Company will continue to pay for the employee’s participation in the Company’s group health plans, to the same extent and under the same terms and conditions as would apply had the employee not taken leave.  Other benefits will be governed in accordance with the terms of each benefit plan.

If the employee fails to return from the leave at the expiration of 12 weeks for a reason other than the recurrence or continuation of the health condition that brought about the leave or other circumstances beyond the employee’s control, the Company can recover any health plan premiums paid by the Company on the employee’s behalf during any unpaid periods of the leave.  

Employees on family care and medical leave accrue employment benefits, such as sick leave, vacation benefits, or seniority, only when paid leave is being substituted for unpaid leave and only if the employee would otherwise be entitled to such accrual. 

Notice Requirements
Employees should notify the Company of their request for family care or medical leave as soon as they are aware of the need for such leave.  For foreseeable events, if possible, the employee must provide 30 calendar days’ advance notice to the Company of the need for leave.  For events that are unforeseeable 30 days in advance, but are not emergencies, the employee must notify the Company as soon as he or she learns of the need for the leave, ordinarily no later than one or two working days after the employee learns of the need for the leave.  If the leave is requested in connection with a planned, non-emergency medical treatment, the employee may be requested to reschedule the treatment so as to minimize disruption of the Company’s business.

If an employee fails to provide the requisite 30-day advance notice for foreseeable events without any reasonable excuse for the delay, the Company reserves the right to delay the taking of the leave until at least 30 days after the date the employee provides notice of the need for family care or medical leave.  

All requests for family care or medical leave should include the anticipated date(s) and duration of the leave.  Any requests for extensions of a family care or medical leave must be received at least five working days before the date on which the employee was originally scheduled to return to work and must include the revised anticipated date(s) and duration of the family care or medical leave.  The Company reserves the right to deny requests for extensions and/or deny reinstatement.

Medical Certification
Any request for medical leave for an employee’s own serious health condition, or for family care leave to care for a child, spouse, registered domestic partner, or parent with a serious health condition, must be supported by medical certification from a health care provider.  For foreseeable leaves, employees must provide the required medical certification before the leave begins.  When this is not possible, employees must provide the required certification within 15 calendar days after the Company’s request for certification, unless it is not practicable under the circumstances to do so, despite the employee’s good faith efforts.  Failure to provide the required medical certification may result in the denial of foreseeable leaves until such certification is provided.  In the case of unforeseeable leaves, failure to provide the required medical certification within 15 days of being requested to do so may result in a denial of the employee’s continued leave.  Any request for an extension of the leave must also be supported by an updated medical certification.

The medical certification for a child, spouse, registered domestic partner, or parent with a serious health condition shall include (a) the date on which the serious health condition commenced; (b) the probable duration of the condition; (c) the health care provider’s estimate of the amount of time needed for family care; (d) the health care provider’s assurance that the health care condition warrants the participation of the employee to provide family care; and (e) in the case of intermittent or reduced schedule leave where medically necessary, the probable duration of such a schedule.  

The medical certification for leave for the employee’s own serious health condition shall include (a) the date on which the serious health condition commenced; (b) the probable duration of the condition; (c) a statement that, due to the serious health condition, the employee is unable to perform the functions of his or her position; and (d) in the case of intermittent leave or reduced schedule leave where medically necessary, the probable duration of such a schedule.  If the Company has reason to doubt the validity of the certification provided by the employee, the Company may require the employee to obtain a second opinion from a doctor of the Company’s choosing at the Company’s expense.  If the employee’s health care provider and the doctor providing the second opinion do not agree, the Company may require a third opinion, also at the Company’s expense, performed by a mutually agreeable doctor who will make a final determination.

During the employee’s leave, the employee may also be required to provide the Company with additional physicians’ statements on request from the Company at reasonable intervals, attesting to the employee’s continued disability and inability to work.  The employee also may be required to submit to medical examinations by physicians designated by the Company at its discretion, and to provide the Company with access to medical records as required.  Before an employee returns to work, the Company also may require the employee to provide medical certification that he or she is able to return to work.

Effect on Reinstatement
Employees timely returning from family care or medical leave who are not classified as key employees are entitled to reinstatement to the same or comparable position consistent with applicable law.  


The Department of Labor form on Employee’s rights and responsibilities under the Federal Family and Medical Leave Act can be found at:
http://www.dol.gov/whd/fmla/finalrule/FMLAPoster.pdf

The Department of Fair Employment and Housing form on Employees Rights and Responsibilities under the California Family Rights Act of 1993 can be found at:
http://www.dfeh.ca.gov/DFEH/Publications/PublicationDocs/DFEH-100-21.pdf


other leaves of absence
Under certain circumstances, the Company provides time off for personal, family, health, or other needs.  The head of Human Resources must approve any other leave of absence.  The following types of leaves of absence are provided.

Bereavement
Regular Full-Time employees are eligible for up to three paid days off if a death occurs in the immediate family.  For this policy, immediate family includes spouse, registered domestic partner, parents, grandparents, children, siblings and corresponding step and in-law relationships. Employees should notify their supervisor as soon as possible in the event of a death in the family.   

Jury Duty & Witness Subpoena
The Company recognizes the importance of fulfilling civic responsibilities.  In the event you are asked to serve on jury duty or as a witness pursuant to a subpoena, the Company will grant you a leave of absence.  When you are chosen for jury duty, you will receive your regular base salary (does not include overtime, commissions or bonuses) up to a maximum of 10 days per year if you pay the Company any money you may receive in court fees.  If you are subpoenaed as a witness, you will receive your regular base salary up to a maximum of 10 days per year.

If you receive a jury summons or witness subpoena, immediately notify your supervisor and the Human Resources Department.  You must submit a copy of the summons or subpoena to Human Resources.  In order to receive payment, you must submit proof of service at the completion of service.

While on jury duty, you are expected to report to work when court is not in session or, if practical, when you are excused early in the day.

Voting
Generally, employees are able to find time to vote either before or after their regular work schedule.  If you are unable to vote in an election during your non-working hours, you may request time off to vote from your supervisor at least 2 working days prior to the Election Day.  The amount of time required will be determined based on your individual needs.  The total time off with pay, when approved, may not exceed 2 hours on any voting day.




Domestic Violence

If you are a victim of domestic violence, the Company will provide you with up to 12 weeks of family leave during any 12 month period, without pay, to seek medical attention, recover from physical or psychological injuries caused by domestic violence, obtain services from a victim services organization, obtain counseling, take actions toward securing safety and economic security, seek legal assistance, and to prepare for or participate in any civil or criminal legal proceeding related to domestic violence.  The amount of family leave to which you are entitled as a victim of domestic violence is part of but not in addition to the amount of leave to which you are entitled for the care of your family (as detailed on page 20 of this Employee Handbook).  You should provide the Company with as much advance notice as possible of any planned absences.  The Company may require you to provide certification and/or documentation that indicates that you or your family are a victim of domestic violence, or relates to your request for time off.  All information provided will be kept confidential by the Company.

Personal
Requests for a leave of a personal nature of up to 60 calendar days will be considered at the time of request.  A personal leave, if granted, carries with it neither service requirements nor a guarantee of job protection.  Employees who wish to take a personal leave should contact their manager and the head of Human Resources for more information.  The decision whether to grant personal leave rests solely with the Company.  Personal leave normally will not be granted unless all accrued, unused vacation days have been exhausted. 

An authorized personal leave of absence is not considered a break in your service.  Failure to return to work when the leave of absence expires is considered a resignation, unless you are granted a written extension.

The Company will continue your participation in its medical plans during a personal leave.

Military Duty
The Company provides unpaid leaves of absence to all Regular Full-Time employees for military or reserve duty in accordance with applicable state and federal laws.  A request for military leave should be submitted promptly and accompanied by a copy of the orders indicating the beginning and ending dates of the duty period.  Eligibility for reinstatement after the military duty is completed will be determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws.

Smoking Policy
As a further demonstration of its commitment to providing a safe and healthful work environment, the Company prohibits smoking within any Company building (owned or leased) or office.  Each office has designated an outside area for smoking during your break or lunch. Smoking is not allowed on the cafeteria terrace during lunch hours. There are designated waste and cigarette disposal receptacles to be utilized to discard cigarettes and trash in each location. It is common professional courtesy to avoid littering on office grounds. Please see your supervisor or a member of the Human Resources Department for the location of this area.
































Parking Facilities
There is no allocation of parking places except for executives, visitors, or handicapped.  Under no circumstances may any employee park in a space marked for visitors or in a reserved space.  Caution should be used when parking your vehicle.  Employees should advise the Human Resources of the make, color and license plate number of their vehicle.  The Company is not responsible for any loss, theft or damage to vehicles.

Please use caution when driving in the parking lot, watch for pedestrians and maintain a safe driving speed not to exceed 10 miles per hour



























Business Attire
Dress, grooming and personal cleanliness standards contribute to the morale of all employees and affect the business image the Company presents to customers and visitors.

In general, Business Casual attire is appropriate Monday through Friday. While the Company observes a casual dress environment, there may be situations requiring more formal attire. In the event the company is expecting guest on the premises, employees will be notified in advance of the dress code requirements. In addition, if you are conducting or attending meetings, seminars, roundtables, etc. where you come in contact with other business professionals, you are expected to represent the Company in a professional manner and dress appropriately for conducting such business. Know your audience, remember what you represent and dress accordingly. If you are unsure of the appropriate attire for a seminar, please call the provider. Above all, use your common sense when dressing for work each day.

The Company wishes to provide a work environment that is free of safety hazards, offensive behavior and harassment of any kind. 

Acceptable business casual attire is as follows:

Button-down shirt with a collar (ties are not required); sweaters
Dresses, skirts or khakis and other business casual slacks
From Memorial Day through Labor Day, polo shirts are acceptable.
Business slacks or business-casual slacks with a pleat, such as ‘Dockers’
Wear a jacket, or keep one in the office for meetings or other business purposes
Office appropriate footwear
The following clothing is NOT ACCEPTABLE: spandex; bare feet; pants, shorts, or skirts worn below the waistline or too high above the knee,  sexually provocative clothing; clothing of any kind promoting competitor products; hats in the office environment; clothing with profanity, nude or semi-nude pictures; sexually suggestive slogans, cartoons, or drawings; the observable lack of undergarments and exposed undergarments.
This policy does NOT require employees to purchase casual business attire. Employees who prefer to dress in formal or traditional business attire should feel free to do so.
Managers and supervisors are responsible for interpreting and enforcing dress and grooming standards in their areas of responsibility. This includes counseling employees whose appearance is inappropriate. Reasonable accommodation will be made for employees' religious beliefs and disabilities whenever possible, consistent with the business necessity to present a professional appearance to the public. Questions or complaints that cannot be handled to an employee's satisfaction by his or her supervisor or manager should be taken to the Human Resources department.
Any employee whose appearance does not meet these standards will be counseled by his/her supervisor or manager. If the appearance is unduly distracting or the clothing is unsafe, the employee may be sent home to correct the problem. Repeated disregard for this dress and grooming policy may result in disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
If you have any questions about what is considered appropriate, please consult a member of the Human Resources Department


































Safety
The Company is committed to providing a safe and healthy working environment for its employees and constantly seeks to detect and eliminate unsafe practices.  For your own safety and that of your fellow workers, you are expected to contribute to this effort by using equipment with care, remaining alert to potential hazards and notifying your supervisor of any problems.

You are responsible for maintaining a neat, well kept work area.  Please keep work surfaces, floors and passageways clear of refuse or other obstacles.  If you see a potentially unsafe situation, please inform the appropriate supervisor or Human Resources.

Report all injuries to your supervisor immediately, no matter how slight they may appear at the time, or if you become ill, notify your supervisor immediately.

In addition, the Company has adopted the following guidelines to deal with any violence that may occur on its premises and to ensure the safety of its employees:

Report all threats of violence – direct or indirect – as soon as possible to your supervisor or to another supervisor.  Give as many details as possible. 
Report all suspicious individuals or activities to your supervisor or to any other supervisor as soon as possible. 
Do not put yourself in peril. 
If you hear a violent commotion near your work area, do not try to see what is happening.  Take cover immediately. 
Cooperate fully with security, law enforcement and medical personnel who respond to a call for help.















Human Resources Records
Recordkeeping

Since tax deductions, insurance benefits and other administrative matters are often affected by changes in your personal status, it is very important that you notify your manager and the head of Human Resources immediately in writing of any changes to your personal information such as your name, address, telephone number, marital status, number of dependents, insurance beneficiaries, and names of persons to be notified in case of emergency.

Review of Personnel File

You may review your personnel file at a mutually agreed on time by you and the Human Resources Department.  You may not take the file out of the Human Resources Department.  You may request copies of any documents that you have signed.


Release of Information

The Company policy regarding verbal requests for information is only to verify dates of employment and job title.  Should additional information be requested, a written release is required; however, we will comply with any written request from a state or federal agency with appropriate information.


Employee Conduct
For the efficient and harmonious operation of the Company, managers and supervisory personnel are required to take corrective action when an employee violates Company policies and procedures or engages in misconduct.  As in any workplace, rules must be established in order to ensure the proper functioning of the Company.  However, it would be impossible to write down every rule and the following list is not intended to be all-inclusive, but is only an example of some of these situations.

Conduct that is illegal, or not in the best interest of the Company, will not be tolerated.  Violations may result in disciplinary action, ranging from an oral or written warning to immediate termination, in the Company’s sole discretion.

The following are examples of conduct that can lead to disciplinary action:

	1)	Insubordination - refusal to take direction from supervisors for instructions pertaining to work or job duties.

	2)	Deliberate damage, destruction, theft, or sabotage of Company or others’ property.

	3)	Falsification of Company records.

	4)	Fabrication of employment application or other data requested by the Company.

	5)	Bringing a weapon onto Company premises.

	6)	Fighting on the premises.

	7)	Willfully hindering or interfering with the work of other employees.

	8)	Possession, consumption, sale or distribution of alcohol or illegal drugs on Company premises.

	9)	Reporting to work under the influence of alcohol or drugs.

	10)	Excessive tardiness or absenteeism.

	11)	Disclosing confidential salary information of any employee.

	12)	Sexual or other forms of harassment or discrimination.

Grievances
The Company encourages you to discuss work-related problems with your supervisor and, if necessary, with higher-level management to reach a satisfactory resolution. 

If a satisfactory resolution cannot be reached after consulting with your management, or if you feel uncomfortable discussing the issue with management, you are encouraged to consult with the Human Resources Department.  The Human Resources Department will assist you and your management in preventing or resolving work-related concerns. 

It is the Company’s objective to resolve grievances in a prompt and equitable manner.  In the event a satisfactory resolution cannot be reached, you may file a written grievance consistent with the requirements of the Company’s grievance procedure.  For details on the grievance procedure, contact the Human Resources Department. 
Employment Termination
The Company may schedule an exit interview at the time of employment termination.  The exit interview will include an opportunity to discuss such issues as employment benefits, conversion privileges, re-payment of outstanding debts, and return of Company property.

All employees who voluntarily leave the Company are requested to give 2 weeks’ written notice to their supervisor and the Human Resources Department.

In a reduction-in-force, released employees will be given 2 weeks’ notice or 2 weeks’ pay instead of notice. Additional severance pay may be provided in exchange for signing a general release.

If an employee is absent for three consecutive workdays and fails to contact the Company, the Company will consider the employee to have abandoned his/her position, and a termination of employment will be processed accordingly. 
Outside Employment
No employee of the Company shall engage in any outside employment or service that impairs his or her efficiency in performing Company duties.  For example, an employee may not work in any capacity for another artificial intelligence, software, or technology company, or for another company that supplies goods or services to the Company.  You may not perform any outside work during regular working hours.

Employees must discuss any outside work or business activities with the Human Resources Department prior to undertaking such activities to ensure that a conflict of interest will not arise. 

Employees may not receive any income or material gain from individuals outside the Company for material produced or services rendered while performing their jobs.

Employment of Relatives/Nepotism
Employment of relatives in the same area of an organization may cause serious conflicts and problems with favoritism and employee morale.  For the purposes of this policy, a relative is any person who is related by blood or marriage, or whose relationship with the employee is similar to that of persons who are related by blood or marriage.

Relatives of current employees should not be employed in positions where one can influence the employment conditions or career of the other.  No candidate or employee should be assigned to a position reporting to a relative.

Relatives of Human Resources staff members should not be employed in the Company where the Human Resources staff member has responsibility.



Drug and Alcohol Policy
The Company is committed to providing its employees a safe working environment. 
Employees who report to work under the influence of alcohol or drugs severely interfere with this mission.  Employees who abuse drugs or alcohol at work are a hazard to themselves and other employees.  In addition to possible violations of criminal laws, such conduct increases accidents and serious injuries, reduces productivity, damages Company property and hurts morale.  Therefore, the Company has adopted the following policy on alcohol and drug abuse.

Employees under the influence of alcohol or drugs while at work will not be tolerated.  
 
The use, sale, purchase or possession of alcohol or drugs at work, or being under the influence of alcohol or drugs at work is strictly prohibited. Employees who have an admitted substance abuse problem considered a “disability” for purposes of discrimination laws are not exempted from this prohibition and appropriate disciplinary action will be taken against any employee who reports to work under the influence of alcohol or drugs or uses alcohol or drugs at work.

	3.	If an employee must take a prescription drug for medical reasons, he/she will be permitted to use and possess the drug while at work.  The employee must keep the drug in the original container provided by the pharmacist, with the prescription attached.

	4.	While we recognize that there are work-related social events that occur from time to time that may include alcohol, use of alcohol during these events is strictly a personal choice and the amount consumed should not be excessive.

Accommodation of Disabilities

An employee who admits that he has a problem with alcohol and/or drug abuse may request a leave of absence without pay to attend a rehabilitation program.  The Company will reasonably accommodate all such requests to the extent required by law.

This policy is intended to protect the health and safety of all our employees and will be followed in a consistent manner and under applicable laws.  Any questions concerning this policy should be directed to our Human Resources Department.

Solicitations
The following rules apply to solicitation activities and distribution of literature on Company property:

Outsiders -- Persons not employed by the Company may not solicit nor distribute literature for any purpose at any time without the express authorization of management.
Employees -- Employees may not solicit or disturb employees for any reason whatsoever during working time and may not circulate, distribute or post notices or other written material of any kind during working time or in working areas.  “Working time” is when an employee should be performing his/her job duties.  Non-working time includes rest or meal periods, before or after assigned work shifts, and other specified periods, if any, during the workday when employees properly are not expected to be performing their job duties.
If you have any questions as to the above rules, please contact Human Resources.

TECHNOLOGY USE
The Company provides various Technology Resources to authorized employees to assist them in performing their job duties for the Company.  Each employee has a responsibility to use the Company’s Technology Resources in a manner that increases productivity, enhances the Company’s public image, and is respectful of other employees.  Failure to follow the Company’s policies regarding its Technology Resources may lead to disciplinary measures, up to and including termination of employment.

“Technology Resources” consist of all electronic devices, software, and means of electronic communication including, but not limited to, the following:  personal computers and workstations; lap-top computers; mini and mainframe computers; PDAs; computer hardware such as disk drives and tape drives; peripheral equipment such as printers, modems, fax machines, and copiers; computer software applications and associated files and data, including software that grants access to external services, such as the internet; electronic mail (e-mail); telephones; cellular phones; pagers; and voicemail systems.

The Technology Resources are and remain at all times the property of the Company.  Accordingly, all messages, data, and files created, sent, received, or stored within the system should be related to Company business and are and will remain the property of the Company.  

Prohibition Against Harassing, Discriminatory and Defamatory Use

The Company is aware that employees use electronic mail for correspondence that is less formal than written memoranda.  Employees must take care, however, not to let informality degenerate into improper use.  As set forth more fully in the Company’s “Policy Against Harassment,” the Company does not tolerate discrimination or harassment.  Under no circumstances may employees use the Company’s Technology Resources to transmit, receive, or store any information that is discriminatory, harassing, or defamatory in any way (e.g., sexually-explicit or racial messages, jokes, or cartoons).  

Prohibition Against Violating Copyright Laws

Employees must not use the Company’s Technology Resources to copy, retrieve, forward or send copyrighted materials unless the employee has the author’s permission or is accessing a single copy only for the employee’s reference.  

All software in use on the Company’s Technology Resources is officially licensed software.  No software is to be installed or used that has not been paid for and appropriately licensed.  No employee may load any software on the Company’s computers, unless authorized in writing in advance by the Company, and thoroughly scanned for viruses.
Company Access To Technology Resources


All messages sent and received, including personal messages, and all data and information stored on the Company’s e-mail systems, voicemail systems, or computer systems, are Company property regardless of the content.  As such, the Company reserves the right to access, review, and monitor all of its Technology Resources, including computers, voicemail, and e-mail systems, at any time, in its sole discretion.

Privacy

Although the Company does not wish to examine personal information of its employees, the Company may access its Technology Resources, including computer files, electronic-mail messages, and voicemail messages.  Employees should understand, therefore, that they have no right of privacy with respect to any messages or information created or maintained on the Company’s Technology Resources, including what might have been thought of as personal information or messages.  The Company may, at its discretion, inspect all files, data, or messages on its Technology Resources at any time for any reason.  In particular, the Company may monitor its Technology Resources at any time in order to determine compliance with its policies, for purposes of legal proceedings, to investigate misconduct, to locate information, or for any other business purpose.  

Passwords


Some of the Company’s Technology Resources can be accessed only by entering a password.  Passwords are intended to prevent unauthorized access to information and do not confer any right of privacy to any Company employee.  Employees may not expect that any information maintained on Technology Resources, including e-mail and voicemail messages, are private, because they are not.  Employees are expected to maintain their passwords as confidential, must not share passwords, and must not access coworkers’ systems without express authorization.

Telephone

Company telephones are installed for business use and are not intended for routine personal use by employees.  Personal calls should be kept to a minimum and should never interfere with your work.  Of course, calls will be permitted in an emergency and with prior approval from your supervisor.  Long-distance calls are not permitted without prior authorization.

E-Mail and Voice Mail

All messages sent and received, including personal messages, and all data and information stored on the Company’s e-mail systems, voicemail systems, or computer systems, are Company property regardless of the content.  As such, the Company reserves the right to access, retrieve, and review all of its Technology Resources, including computers, voicemail, and e-mail systems, at any time, in its sole discretion.  The Company reserves the right to retrieve and review any message or file composed, sent or received. Deleting or erasing information, documents, or messages maintained on the Company’s Technology Resources is, in most cases, ineffective.  All employees should understand that any information kept on the Company’s Technology Resources could possibly be electronically recalled or recreated regardless of whether it may have been “deleted” or “erased.”  Employees who delete or erase information or messages should not assume that such information or messages were or are confidential.

E-mail, voice mail messages or any other electronic file may not contain anything that would reasonably be considered offensive or disruptive to any employee.  Offensive content includes, but is not limited to, sexual comments or images, racial slurs, gender specific comments or any comments that would offend someone on the basis of their age, sex, sexual orientation, religious or political beliefs, national origin, or disability. 

System or Company-wide distributions of e-mail (announcements, bulletins, etc.) require advance approval from the head of the Human Resources Department or the Vice President of Administration.

The Internet

Employees are generally provided with access to the Internet to assist them in performing their jobs. The Internet can be a valuable source of information and research.  Use of the Internet, however, must be tempered with common sense and good judgment.  If you abuse your right to use the Internet, it may be taken away from you.

The Company is not responsible for material viewed or downloaded by users from the Internet. The Internet is a worldwide network of computers that contains millions of pages of information. Users are cautioned that many of these pages include offensive, sexually explicit, and inappropriate material. In addition, having an e-mail address on the Internet may lead to receipt of unsolicited e-mail containing offensive content. Users accessing the Internet do so at their own risk. 

The Company has the right to monitor any and all aspects of its computer system, including, but not limited to, monitoring sites visited by employees on the Internet, monitoring chat groups and news groups, and reviewing material downloaded, uploaded, or viewed by users of the Internet.

Material that is fraudulent, harassing, embarrassing, sexually explicit, profane, obscene, intimidating, defamatory, or unlawful, inappropriate, offensive (including offensive material concerning sex, race, color, national origin, sexual orientation, religion, age, disability, or other characteristic protected by law), or violates the Company’s equal employment opportunity policy or its policies against sexual or other harassment may not be downloaded from the Internet or displayed or stored on Company computers.  Employees encountering or receiving this kind of material should immediately report the incident to their supervisors or the Human Resources Department.  The Company’s equal employment opportunity policy and its policies against sexual or other harassment apply fully to the use of the Internet.

To ensure security and to avoid the spread of viruses, employees accessing the Internet through a computer attached to the Company’s network must do so through an approved Internet firewall.  Accessing the Internet directly by modem is strictly prohibited, unless the computer you are using is not connected to the Company’s network. 

Under no circumstances is any employee to use peer-to-peer file sharing software, such as Kazaa or Morpheus, on a Company computer.

Files obtained from sources outside the Company, may contain dangerous computer viruses that may damage the Company’s computer network. Employees may not download or upload files from or to the Internet, accept e-mail attachments from outsiders, or use disks from non-Company sources, without first scanning the material with Company-approved virus checking software. If you suspect that a virus has been introduced into the Company’s network, notify the Help Desk immediately. 

Use of the Internet via the Company’s computer system constitutes consent by the user to all of the terms and conditions of this policy.

confidentiality
All employees must treat any information relating to the business of the Company and any of its activities, projects, or clients as confidential, and not divulge any of this information to outside parties, including family and friends, without the prior written consent of the President of the Company.  All such information must be kept completely confidential during, and subsequent to, employment with the Company.  The following examples are intended to serve as a guide to the type of such information and material:

Matters of a business nature such as information about trade secrets or proprietary information including, but not limited to, business plans, projects or proposals, disbursements, costs, delivery volumes, contracts and forms, financial statements, pricing, profits, markets, client lists, all data regarding clients, mailing lists, rolodexes, designs, drawings, models, plans, plans for future expansion or business development, or any other writing or drawings that may contain proprietary information. 
Matters of non-public technical nature such as manner of operations, processes, Company reports, computer programs, software and supporting documentation, security codes, training programs, procedure manuals, and related methods or technologies. 
Confidential data about employees, including employee pay rates and performance evaluations. 
Information pertaining to any services or products and the results of all such services or products provided to the Company’s clients. 
Any information, which if disclosed, could adversely affect the Company’s business. 

Upon termination of employment, or at any time upon the Company’s request, employees must deliver to the Company any and all copies of confidential information or other Company property. 
A Few Closing Words
This Handbook is intended to give you a brief look at the Company and its policies and procedures.

From time to time, we may modify the terms and procedures in it.  If you have any questions at any time, ask your supervisor and contact the Human Resources Department.  We welcome you with the sincere hope that our association will be a successful and rewarding one.  None of the policies in this Handbook are intended by reason of their publication to confer any rights or privileges upon you, or to entitle you to be or remain employed by the Company. The contents of this Handbook are presented as a matter of information only.  While the Company supports the plans, policies and procedures described in this Handbook, they are, nevertheless, not conditions of employment.  Furthermore, the Company reserves the unconditional right to modify, delete, or add to any and all of the plans, policies or procedures without notice.

In the event of contradiction between this Handbook or any statements made to you by your supervisor or other Company representative the Handbook will govern.

If you have any questions at any time, contact the Human Resources Department.











QUANTNOVA-AI-HR-Rev.0
